feat: changes to x-operation Spot extension (#1764)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/cyan-grapes-knock.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Changed the `x-operation` extention format in Arazzo.

Reviewer: please check:

```suggestion
Changed the `x-operation` extension in Arazzo enabling users to make requests with this extension without an API description file.
```

> Changed the `x-operation` extension in Arazzo enabling users to make requests with this extension without an API description file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the `x-operation` extension in Arazzo, enabling users to make requests with this extension without an API description file.
```
